Browsing:

Q: The book shows without any problem using QTextWidget browser, but when I use KHTMLPart browser, I get the following error:
		An error occurred while loading ms-its:/home/user/Symphony FrameWork.chm::/index.html
		The file or folder ms-its:/home/user/Symphony FrameWork.chm::/index.html does not exist.

A: You have kio_chm installed, and because it installs itself as KIO slave for ms-its, sometime KDE uses it instead of kio_msits. 
   To disable it, find the file chm.protocol in your KDE directory, and remove it. Then run kdeinit to reread the configuration.


Q: When I open CHM document, there is no "Contents" or "Index" tab.
A: The files required for Content or Index tabs are not present in chm file. Therefore it is not possible to show those tabs.

Q: I use KDE. Which browser is better to use - KHTMLPart or QTextBrowser?
A: QTextBrowser was reported to be faster, except for multibyte languages (Japanese/Chinese/Korean).
   However KHTMLPart is obviously more standard-compliant. I use KHTMLPart.

Q: Font size increasing button does not increase the font size, just changes the font to bold once.
A: Make sure you use resizeable (true type) fonts. The described behavior is expected when bitmap fonts are used, as their size
   could not be changed. Check your system configuration.

Questions about search.
Before version 3.0 is out there was only one search engine, which is still available in Advanced settings as "search engine based on internal CHM index".
The following questions are only related to the old search engine, and are fixed in a new one.

Q: Why my search for "for this" found no documents even though I know there are documents containing this phrase?
Q: Why my search for "C++" or "argv[0]" found no documents even though I know there are documents containing this phrase?
Q: Why the search tab is not shown?

A: The search does not look through all the documents. Instead it uses the previously generated index stored in CHM file. If the index
   is not present in the file, the search is not possible.
   However the indexing procedure in Microsoft HTML Help Workshop does not index the symbols (except underscore), single letters 
   and common words like for, this, to, do, etc. Therefore those words and symbols are not in index file, so search for "C++" 
   will not be found.
   Also the the indexing procedure in Microsoft HTML Help Workshop brokes the ASCII characters which are outside 7-bit ASCII table. Therefore
   search using European/Russian letters often produces strange results, finding the pages with no search words present, and does not work
   with Asian langiages.
   
   The solution is new kchmviewer search engine. It is also index-based, but the index is generated by chmviewer. Every symbol is indexed,
   so seach for "C++" or "argv[0]" will find the appropriate code. It uses Unicode inside, so it has no problem with any language, including
   Japanese, Chinese and Korean.
